Lele
Will you admit your mistake?
This is the hanging two
I asked for it myself
I can admit my mistake
The master
It's the only purple-gold invitation I've ever sent
This banquet
It is because of this master that there is meaning in existence
Zijin Invitation
I heard that the identity of the person who got the purple gold scene is noble
supreme
How could it be this Zuo Family Qivu Zuo Yin?
But Liu Lao called him a master
Does he have another identity?
Liu Lao, did you really make a mistake?
This girl is my ex-wife and I
I have no patience since I was a child
How could he be a master?
Besides, the personality is not pleasant since childhood
Just eat, drink and have fun
Let's talk about lying with integrity
Moral corruption
7 years ago, he carried his fiancé on his back
Looking for wild men outside
Even pregnant with a wild species
Oops, this corrupted the crack in my left door
So I threw myself out.
Come on, don't take his word for it.
In his 20s
No matter how talented
You have to be vaccinated at an early age.
Impossible just a few years
There is such humbling art
Is it really wrong?
Pay for it.
Make sense of what just happened
Then he and Lao Fu Liu understood that
Liu Lao
A person with a false reputation
This article is rubbish.
This approach will only cause
The illusion of healing
In fact, the fundamental problem
Not the slightest affection
master
You saw the cure in such a short time
Do you have a cure?